hey guys it's Lisa with la savings and
these are the rite-aid deals for the
week of March night these are actually
mostly deals that you can do all month
in March the first deal is on the
band-aids in the flyer it does say that
this is valid from March second to the
29th so it's a all month long you get a
three dollar upper Ward when you
purchase 3 of the band-aid or neosporin
products so I it is a limit of two so I
purchased six of the band-aids the band
aids are three dollars each for every
three that you purchase you can get a
free case the cases were found in the
display one aisle over from the
band-aids for me they weren't actually
next to the band aids but they should be
somewhere near the band-aids and they
should have a coupon on them that's how
they are free it doesn't automatically
ring up free you need to use the coupon
that is on the case so that it will be
free so I purchased six band-aids there
were three dollars each so it was $18
and I did get two of the free cases they
do ring up for 99 I do have gold status
so that makes them ring up 399 but the
free coupon that is on the package
actually takes off for 99 so I ended up
making a dollar off of each one of those
I also had a five off of three dollar
band-aid coupe and I had two of those
those coupons came from the first aid
kits that I had purchased last week so
inside the kit you get a package of
fifteen dollars worth of coupons and one
of the coupons is five dollars off of
any three band-aid purchase so I had two
of those so I used those so I had ten
dollars from that and then I had the two
dollars that i got from the overage on
the case so I had twelve dollars in
coupons so it made it six dollars and I
got six dollars back so it wasn't even
roll these band-aids actually rang up to
79 so it was a tiny bit of a money maker
they're all supposed to be three dollars
but the plastic strips the 60 count they
rang up to 79 for some reason still
worked for the deal I still got my upper
Ward's so it made it a little bit of a
moneymaker a monthly deal is on the HP
ink it is not all of the ink there's
just a couple of the different numbers
that work number 56 does work I believe
95 works as well but you
have you should check your store on that
they are 3199 and you get a
twenty-dollar upper word back with a
limit of two with gold they ring up 2559
and there was a rite aid printable
coupon from their facebook page for five
dollars off of any HP ink I don't know
if that's still available that was
available a while ago but it doesn't
expire until the end of April so I did
have that coupon so I paid twenty
dollars and fifty nine cents and I got
twenty dollars back so it was 59 cents
for the ink which is an incredible price
even if you don't have the five dollar
rite aid coupon 559 for a brand new pack
of ink is a really good price I mean
this is a monthly deal so you have the
month of March to complete that deal and
it's a limit of two another deal is on
the Duster this is a limit of four on
these they're 599 and you get a four
dollar upper word back with a limit of
four but with gold living up for 79 so
it makes it seventy-nine cents it's not
free but it's seventy-nine cents and I
had money that I had to roll over so it
worked and the last deal that i did was
on the brother bent brand tape the
electronic tape they are 1199 and get a
ten-dollar upper Ward back with a limit
of two these were difficult to find it I
had to go to different stores before I
found them and they were near the ink
this is a monthly deal with gold they
bring up 959 so it's 959 and I got the
ten dollars back for each one so it was
a little bit of a money maker no coupons
needed it's the m2 31 in the m9 31 the
black on white and the black on silver
labels work for this monthly deal the
only other thing is for some reason my
upper awards stopped loading to card and
they started printing on my receipt
again so I've been getting them printing
on my receipt starting from today I
don't know why they all did that and
they have a really long expiration date
this one doesn't expire until June
fifteenth which is weird so I don't know
why mine are not loading to card anymore
curious to know if that's happening to
anybody else but some good deals to
check out this month at rite aid